content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
# layout: "projects"
# url: "/projects"
summary: "about"
hideMeta: true
searchHidden: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
---
Hola, I'm Ricardo.

![Ricardo Profile](/static/ricardo_profile.jpeg#center)


<br />

- Calm, curious, creative.

- I ran an independent cinema ([**Cairo Cinema Café**](https://www.ricardoancona.com/posts/cairo-cinema/)) in México for almost 10 years, until deciding to sell it in early 2018.

- I worked in Mexico, Singapore (MSc in Supply Chain and Logistics, at NTU), China, and now in Germany (Berlin).

- Now: I'm building [**datadice**](https://datadice.io/), a Business Intelligence Agency.

- I made this site using Hugo, still not sure how the tape is holding everything together.

- The family dog locked me out of the house once. We remained good friends.

- Bedwetter until I was around 12. I was a great guest at sleepovers.

- More: [**Life Mixtape**](https://www.ricardoancona.com/posts/life-mixtape/) and [**One Movie per Year**](https://letterboxd.com/ricardoancona/list/one-per-year-1945-2021/)

Commit message:

asian guacamole album y cambios en el about

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
# layout: "projects"
# url: "/projects"
summary: "about"
hideMeta: true
searchHidden: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
---
Hola, I'm Ricardo.

![Ricardo Profile](/static/ricardo_profile.jpeg#center)


<br />

- Calm, curious, creative.

- I ran an independent cinema ([**Cairo Cinema Café**](https://www.ricardoancona.com/posts/cairo-cinema/)) in México for almost 10 years, until deciding to sell it in early 2018.

- I worked in Mexico, Singapore (MSc in Supply Chain and Logistics, at NTU), China, and now in Germany (Berlin).

- Now: I'm building [**datadice**](https://datadice.io/), a Business Intelligence Agency.

- I made this site using Hugo, still not sure how the tape is holding everything together.

- The family dog locked me out of the house once. We remained good friends.

- Bedwetter until I was around 12. I was a great guest at sleepovers.

- Podcasts that feel like conversations with friends are one of my favorite things. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChQ0en3E1vE) is the last episode of my 7-year podcast with Maru (en español), [here](https://open.spotify.com/episode/1yxhN0Q18YG9dLgwi6YYbv) I am talking about living and working in China with my good friend Álvaro (en español) and [here](https://anchor.fm/the-datadice-podcast/) is an interview series that I made with the team of datadice (I think every company should make a staff podcast).

- More: [**Life Mixtape**](https://www.ricardoancona.com/posts/life-mixtape/) and [**One Movie per Year**](https://letterboxd.com/ricardoancona/list/one-per-year-1945-2021/) and [**Asian Guacamole | Volume 1**](https://ricardoancona.pixieset.com/asianguacamole/).
