content/posts/fshd.md, before:

---
author: "R"
title: "FSHD"
date: "2022-03-05"
description: ""
tags: ["projects"]
hideMeta: true
searchHidden: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: false

---

Some FSHD profiles.

#### Ryan Levinson

[Podcast](https://www.kyle.surf/podcast/80-sailing-tahiti-with-muscular-dystrophy-ryan-levinson)

His YouTube channel is [here](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs3WnQG-QeLq1ebfr0gBUhg)


#### Chris Carrino

I know him as: Play-by-play announcer of the Brooklyn Nets.

[His foundation](https://chriscarrinofoundation.org/about-chris-carrino/)

[Documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pUdGcxFecE) and [interview](https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/vertical-pod-with-woj--chris-carrino-164233141.html) by Woj.


#### Chip Wilson

I know him as: Founder of Lululemon, [interviewed by Tim Ferriss](https://tim.blog/2021/05/19/chip-wilson/)

[His website](https://chipwilson.com/creating/)

#### Morgan Hoffmann

[Profile in Golf Digest](https://www.golfdigest.com/story/morgan-hoffmann-costa-rica-muscular-dystrophy) and [another profile here](https://www.pgatour.com/beyond-the-ropes/2020/02/24/morgan-chelsea-hoffmann-beginning-write-next-chapter-facioscapulohumeral-muscular-dystrophy-diagnosis.html)



{{< css.inline >}}

<style>
.canon { background: white; width: 100%; height: auto; }
</style>

{{< /css.inline >}}

Commit message:

about page and new posts

content/posts/fshd.md, after:

---
author: "R"
title: "FSHD"
date: "2022-03-05"
description: ""
tags: ["projects"]
hideMeta: true
searchHidden: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: false

---

People with FSHD, living _full_ lives.
And in their face gestures I recognize myself.

Help me make this list longer by:
Sending links to similar articles or videos.
Profiling someone with FSHD :)

#### Ryan Levinson

- [Podcast](https://www.kyle.surf/podcast/80-sailing-tahiti-with-muscular-dystrophy-ryan-levinson)

- His YouTube channel is [here](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs3WnQG-QeLq1ebfr0gBUhg)

- This was the first profile of someone with FSHD that I saved. Inspiration for this inspiration list.

> Agregar otras entrevistas y profiles sobre Ryan Levinson.


#### Chris Carrino

- [Documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pUdGcxFecE) and [interview](https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/vertical-pod-with-woj--chris-carrino-164233141.html) by Woj.

- [His foundation](https://chriscarrinofoundation.org/about-chris-carrino/)

- Play-by-play announcer of the Nets.


#### Chip Wilson

- He was [interviewed by Tim Ferriss](https://tim.blog/2021/05/19/chip-wilson/) in his podcast. It is exciting to hear someone with that drive talk about how he wants to focus his energy on FSHD research.

- Tía Gaby sent me [this other profile](https://financialpost.com/news/chips-challenge-vancouver-billionaire-and-lululemon-founder-chip-wilson-seeks-cure-for-rare-genetic-disorder)

- [His website](https://chipwilson.com/creating/)

- Founder of Lululemon.


#### Morgan Hoffmann

- [Profile in Golf Digest](https://www.golfdigest.com/story/morgan-hoffmann-costa-rica-muscular-dystrophy) and [another profile here](https://www.pgatour.com/beyond-the-ropes/2020/02/24/morgan-chelsea-hoffmann-beginning-write-next-chapter-facioscapulohumeral-muscular-dystrophy-diagnosis.html)



{{< css.inline >}}

<style>
.canon { background: white; width: 100%; height: auto; }
</style>

{{< /css.inline >}}
